add regex support (#26)
Never-Over/modguard: README.md

### Advanced
Modguard also supports specific allow lists within `public`. The `allowlist` parameter accepts a list of strings and regex expressions.
```python

> @modguard.public(allowlist=['utils.helpers', r'.*aux.*'])

Reviewer: Might be more readable to use a realistic example like `r'core\.project\.*'` or similar

def public_function(user_id: int) -> str:
    ...

PUBLIC_CONSTANT = "Hello world"
public(PUBLIC_CONSTANT, allowlist=['utils.helpers', r'.*aux.*])

```

> This will allow for `public_function` and `PUBLIC_CONSTANT` to be imported and used in `utils.helpers` and any matching regex to `.*aux.*`, but restrict its usage elsewhere.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will allow for `public_function` and `PUBLIC_CONSTANT` to be imported and used in `utils.helpers` and any module whose path matches the regex `.*aux.*`, but restrict its usage elsewhere.
```
